What's going on with you?
Mr. Xue, this has to start with this bitch being suspended
Did you say that Miss Ye was suspended?
Mr. Xue, my son is the future president of Blackgold Group
He doesn't take casual breaks, that's him
He went to seduce wild men and my son fixed him
Are you sure mom
Family ugliness should not be publicized, you should say less
When will Mr. Xue, the true god behind the black gold group, arrive?
And when will the ceremony for me to be the president of the black gold group be held?
Don't worry.
Mysterious boss
It will definitely surprise you.
A big surprise
And then what?
Mr. Xie is unwilling because this bitch was divorced by my husband
Vandalism
I even called you a trash
We told him to shut up.
He not only doesn't listen
Still sitting on the handmade book you prepared for the mysterious boss
It's lawless.
I don't know what means was used
It actually bankrupted all the four major families that jointly maintained the dignity of the Black Street Group
Mr. Xue is so angry
It seems that Yan Ning is still dead
That's right, he just didn't care about the black and golden eggs
Riding sin as a pig?
Right
This unclean woman
Find death
It is. It is.
Then you should be killed
Otherwise, anyone can kill our Black Pig Group in seconds in the future?
Yes must be killed
Good good
All of you
All good
Hahaha Mr. Xue
Take your words and I will be the future wife of the president of the black gold group
Serving the black gold group or a matter of classification
Bitch Mr. Xue said it well
This bitch is still sitting still in her hands
It's lawless.
So arrogant
bitch
I'm talking about you.
Ah, Mr. Xue
How do you hit a girl?
Our Fang family is loyal to the black taboo list.
Come here from the east, don't hurry up and see you
Xue Donglai of the Black Gold Group meets
Meet Miss Ye